Edit v12.1.0 for prod release (#1100)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v12.1.0.md

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100-how-to-upgrade.md#v12---version-upgrades) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Author: @Danielecina which is the correct version to put here for v12.1.0 prod release?

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100-how-to-upgrade.md#v12---version-upgrades) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Author: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100-how-to-upgrade.md#v12---version-upgrades) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v11.1.0`.
```
